# Introduction
This repository contains summary information for a significant number of mutual funding campaigns relating to Gaza. 

# How the dataset was gathered
At present only campaigns hosted on GoFundMe.com and Chuffed.org have been catalogued.

## For each campaign processed
The data was gathered by accessing the public funding pages associated with the campaign and processing the HTML & JSON content behind the page. 

The available information is limited to what was present on the public campaign page when it was processed. It will therefore contain any errors which were present in the original page. It may contain additional errors created whilst that data was processed.

## How the campaigns were found
Initially the BlueSky AT Proto API was used to find posts published, shared, reposted & liked by prominent promoters of these campaigns. This first set of campaigns was processed.

The names associated with each of the campaigns were then fed back into the search page of both Chuffed and GFM. Any campaigns which contained common keywords OR had an organiser/beneficiary which EXACTLY matched the name being searched were then processed into the dataset.

This meant that were one campaign from a "super organiser" found then rest of their campaigns should also be found. 

# Purpose
This data is solely intended for the purpose of investigating, cataloguing & tracking of the funding campaigns & to assist in the detection of scammers.

The dataset can be particularly useful for finding related campaigns if/when a particular campaign is found to have a problem.

# Timing
This data was collated during June & July 2025. The individual campaigns may not have been updated/originally collected at the exact same moment. It is likely many campaigns have higher donation figures; some campaigns may now be disabled or completed deleted.

# Description of available fields
The following is a brief description of the key fields available for each campaign.

- *GFMFundId* - Uniquely identifies each GFM campaign.
- *ChuffedId* - Uniquely identifies eac Chuffed campaign.
- *Beneficery* - The name, ID and sometimes profile image of the beneficiary listed on the campaign page. 
- *Organiser* - The name, ID and sometimes profile image of the organiser listed on the campaign page.
- *AssociatedNames* - A list of name strings associated with a campaign. This was generated by combining the various sources of names. 
- *Platform* - Name of the platform on which the campaign is/was hosted.
- *Url* - The address of the campaign page.
- *CurrencyCode* - The currency in which campaign amounts are denoted.
- *AmountCollected* - The amount collected so far by the campaign. Note this may contain "offline donations" and does not mean the funds have been transferred to the organiser or detail how the organiser subsequently  dealt with those funds.
- *TargetAmount* - The target amount to collect by the campaign.
- *DateCreated* - Date the campaign was created. 
- *DatePublished* - Date campaign was published. Note in the case of Chuffed this is the same as the DateCreated.
- *IsCharity* - GFM only meaning not fully understood.
- *DonationCount* - Number of donations.
- *IsDonationEnabled* - Can donations be made.
- *LocationCountryCode* - The country code where the organiser is located.

# Copyright
This data to the extent that the information is not covered by another copyright claim is available under the CC0 1.0 Universal. 
